Add Power Supply FAQ (#1562)
balena-io/docs: pages/faq/troubleshooting/faq.md

* [How do you secure your own “cloud” to prevent malicious attack which may allow attacker to break-in our systems?](#how-do-you-secure-your-own-cloud-to-prevent-malicious-attack-which-may-allow-attacker-to-break-in-our-systems)
* [What does it mean when a device type is discontinued?](#what-does-it-mean-when-a-device-type-is-discontinued)
* [I have a device that is not on the supported devices list. Can it run on {{ $names.company.lower }}?](#i-have-a-device-that-is-not-on-the-supported-devices-list-can-it-run-on-{{ $names.company.lower }})

> * [What to keep in mind when choosing supply units?](#what-to-keep-in-mind-when-choosing-power-supply-units)

Reviewer: Should "choosing supply units" be "choosing power supply units" ?!

Author: Good find. Missed that bit, thanks!

> * [What to keep in mind while buying or using power supply units?](#what-to-keep-in-mind-while-buying-or-using-power-supply-units)

Reviewer: Perhaps "while buying or using" could be shortened to just "when choosing" ?
And perhaps "Things to keep in mind" works better than "What to keep in mind" ? :shrug:

Author: :100: :raised_hands:

Author: I think I will go with the first suggestion only since we want to keep it still a question as this is a FAQ.

There are a few options for devices that do not have an official device type on {{ $names.company.lower }}. If your device has an x86 architecture, you can try the [Intel NUC][nuc] image, which is built to support generic x86 devices. For other devices, you can [build your own][build-your-own] version of {{ $names.os.lower }} using our [open source repos][balenaOS]. To discuss custom board support, please contact sales@{{ $names.email_domain }}.

> ##### What to keep in mind while buying or using power supply units or PSU's?

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
##### What to keep in mind while buying or using power supply units (PSUs)?
```

Author: Didn't go for bracket short form, because on top in the TOC it might have acted weirdly. Removed the short form altogether from the question.

> Power supply units (PSU) are a critical component to any widespread productions deployment as mentioned in our [Going to Production][go-to-production] guide. When buying PSU for your hardware, do make carefully inspect and understand the power requirements of the board. Current-requirements are just as important as the voltage-requirements. A PSU with too high voltage may damage the board, but too low voltage will probably cause the board to malfunction or fail to boot. Whereas if the PSU isn't capable of providing the maximum current that the board demands, then the board might boot fine but eventually fail to perform under CPU-intensive loads. As the load increases, more current is drawn than what the PSU is capable of, which leads to brown-outs (i.e. the board unexpectedly resetting). Proper research when buying PSU's or using the official adapters is recommended.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Power supply units (PSU) are a critical component to any widespread productions deployment as mentioned in our [Going to Production][go-to-production] guide. When buying a PSU for your hardware, do carefully inspect and understand the power requirements of the board. Current requirements are just as important as the voltage requirements. A PSU that provides a voltage that is higher than required may damage the board, but a supplied voltage that is too low will probably cause the board to malfunction or fail to boot. If the PSU isn't capable of providing the maximum current that the board demands, then the board might boot fine but eventually fail to perform under CPU-intensive loads. As the load increases, more current is drawn than what the PSU is capable of, which leads to brown-outs (i.e. the board unexpectedly resetting). Proper research when buying PSUs or using the official adapters is recommended.
```

> Power supply unit (PSU) are a critical component to any widespread productions deployment as mentioned in our [Going to Production][go-to-production] guide. When buying a PSU for your hardware, do carefully inspect and understand the power requirements of the board. Current requirements are just as important as the voltage requirements. A PSU that provides a voltage that is higher than required may damage the board, but a supplied voltage that is too low will probably cause the board to malfunction or fail to boot. If the PSU isn't capable of providing the maximum current that the board demands, then the board might boot fine but eventually fail to perform under CPU-intensive loads. As the load increases, more current is drawn than what the PSU is capable of, which leads to brown-outs (i.e. the board unexpectedly resetting). Proper research when buying PSUs or using the official adapters is recommended.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Power supply units (PSUs) are a critical component to any widespread productions deployment as mentioned in our [Going to Production][go-to-production] guide. When buying a PSU for your hardware, carefully inspect and understand the power requirements of the board. Current requirements are just as important as the voltage requirements. A PSU that provides a voltage that is higher than required may damage the board, but a supplied voltage that is too low will probably cause the board to malfunction or fail to boot. If the PSU isn't capable of providing the maximum current that the board demands, then the board might boot fine but eventually fail to perform under CPU-intensive loads. As the load increases, more current is drawn than what the PSU is capable of, which leads to brown-outs (i.e. the board unexpectedly resetting). Proper research when buying PSUs or using the official adapters is recommended.
```

Reviewer: Also change "productions deployment" to "production deployment" ?

I dunno what level of technical audience this is aimed at, but perhaps it might be worth clarifying "Current requirements (measured in Amps) are just as important as the voltage requirements (measured in Volts)." ?

"than what the PSU is capable of" might sound nicer if reworded as "than the PSU is capable of supplying" ?

_Might_ be worth mentioning that brown-outs can sometimes cause filesystem corruption?

Perhaps the "If using any peripherals, the power requirements will be higher than the board's rating." from the other page is worth reiterating / rewording here too? :man_shrugging:

Author: Added all the points, except for the last one. The point is mostly true but feels dependent on case to case basis. The power that can be supplied by the PSU should always be a little higher than what's needed by the board is a well-recommended rule both in IoT and building computers but I think we should leave this on the last line where they just use the official adapters or do the due diligence when buying.

> Power supply units (PSUs) are a critical component to any widespread production deployment, as mentioned in our [Going to Production][go-to-production] guide. When buying a PSU for your hardware, be sure to inspect and understand the board's power requirements carefully. Current requirements (measured in Amps) are just as important as the voltage requirements (measured in Volts). A PSU that provides a higher voltage than required may damage the board. Still, a supplied voltage that is too low may cause the board to malfunction or fail to boot if the PSU cannot provide the maximum current that the board demands. The board might eventually fail to perform under CPU-intensive loads. As the load increases, more current is drawn than the PSU can supply, which could lead to brown-outs (i.e., the board unexpectedly resetting, causing filesystem corruption). When buying PSUs or using the official power adapters, proper research is recommended to prevent scenarios like these in a production deployment.

Reviewer: You previously had separate sentences about voltage and current; but you seem to have merged them into one sentence and I'm not sure if it makes sense now? :shrug: 
"Still, a supplied voltage that is too low may cause the board to malfunction or fail to boot if the PSU cannot provide the maximum current that the board demands."

Entirely up to you of course though! :+1:

Author: @lurch I agree, grammar checker scrambled the sentences in an effort to reduce the length of the sentence. Reverted, should be good to go now.

> Power supply units (PSUs) are a critical component to any widespread production deployment as mentioned in our [Going to Production][go-to-production] guide. When buying a PSU for your hardware, be sure to carefully inspect and understand the power requirements of the board. Current requirements (measured in Amps) are just as important as the voltage requirements (measured in Volts). A PSU that provides a voltage that is higher than required may damage the board, but a supplied voltage that is too low may cause the board to malfunction or fail to boot. If the PSU isn't capable of providing the maximum current that the board demands, then the board might eventually fail to perform under CPU-intensive loads. As the load increases, more current is drawn than the PSU is capable of supplying, which could also lead to brown-outs (i.e. the board unexpectedly resetting causing filesystem corruption). Proper research when buying PSUs or using the official adapters is recommended to prevent sceanrios like these in a production deployment.

Reviewer: sceanrios -> scenarios

Reviewer: I dunno if "official adapters" is a bit ambiguous, perhaps "official power adaptors" would be clearer?

Author: Improved a bunch of sentences by putting them through a checker. Resolved.
